U.A...
I wish to turn myself in.
Turn yourself in?
I've seen him before.
He's that villain who's quick to escape--
The one who posts those impertinent videos.
Gentle!
Anyone else with you?
No.
What are those injuries
and that gouged out ground?
I told you. I tripped and fell.
Just two of you?
That's right.
"That's right"?!
There's one more, isn't there?
I can smell one of our students!
Where's our student?!
"Villain - Gentle Criminal
- Quirk: Elasticity"
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
I have committed many crimes up until now...
"Villain - La Brava - Quirk Love"
...but my greatest crime was to kidnap
and brainwash an innocent girl.
Giving myself a nice-sounding
reason for my self-interest,
I've lived this whole time for myself.
Betting my feelings, fighting,
reduced until all that's
left at the bottom of me...
...is a heart that can
feel... for someone else.
Izuku Midoriya,
I'm glad that you were the one
I was able to trade blows with last.
All the blame lies on me.
So please, pardon Manami Aiba.
Gentle...! For my sake...!
No... No...
I...
I love Gentle!
That's not fair, Gentle.
Even though you know that
I wouldn't want to cause you any trouble...!
What about your injuries?
Were you fighting?
I realized that he was going
to play a joke on U.A.,
"Pro Hero - Hound Dog - Quirk: Dog"
"Pro Hero - Ectoplasm - Quirk: Clones"
so we had a small disagreement.
But...
...it's fine now.
Hound Dog, Ectoplasm C, any irregularities?
Snipe.
"Pro Hero - Snipe - Quirk: Homing"
Please report.
Some video streamer who was being
a nuisance wants to turn himself in.
What the heck?
I don't get it either!
Huh?
Anyway, this is not an emergency.
Please continue to be vigilant.
You can tell us more at the police station!
Izuku Midoriya...
I was once in the hero course at school, too.
Gentle Criminal is the mere shadow
of someone who was once a hero dropout.
Why?
If it's for your dream,
then you can steal
people's hard work and passion,
and the smile of a girl who
doesn't know how to smile yet?!
I'm in no position to say this,
but I hope your feelings reach
those you want them to reach.
A bright future, huh?
All Might was worried about you.
Class A's performance starts at 10, right?
Right now, it's 9:16... 9:17.
Well, from here, you can get
to school in five or six minu--
Um, sorry, I left the bag
of things I came out to buy...
Where is it? I'll go with you.
Gentle Criminal...
He was hard to fight...
Midoriya's not back yet?
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
Why's that guy taking so
long buying one thing?
Jeez!
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
The mere shadow of someone
who was once a hero dropout.
I figured out why he was so hard to fight.
Because I could've turned out like him.
Because Gentle and I had a lot
of the same thoughts and feelings.
He did it thinking of La Brava...
As for me...
Midoriya, you're late!
Aoyama! Sorry!
Why are you so beat up?
I fell!
What are you doing, clumsy boy?
Here, change your clothes.
Everyone's waiting!
Thanks.
Wait, those scratches!
Do you plan to perform covered in dirt?
If you do, then everyone will be worrying
about you rather than enjoying the show.
You'll still make it even
if you get those healed first, right?
I wonder what Class 1-A's
performance will be like.
I'm kind of excited to see.
Aizawa, Young Midoriya is...
Yeah, we haven't started yet either...
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
"Eri"
Is Deku not going to dance?
Don't worry, he'll dance.
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
There are more people here
than I thought there'd be!
Everyone seems to be
in a good mood this morning.
They've been looking forward to it, stupid.
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
Deku's not here yet?!
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
What is that slowpoke
doing at a time like this?!
There it is!
First years, do your best!
Show us what you've got, first years!
Yaoyorozu!
--Yaoyorozu! Yaoyorozu! Yaoyorozu!
--Eri, can you see?
--Yeah...
--Yaoyorozu! Yaoyorozu! Yaoyorozu!
--As for me...
--...I want to see your smile!
--Yaoyorozu! Yaoyorozu! Yaoyorozu!
"Let It Flow! School Festival!"
Now... I wonder how it'll go.
What do you mean "I wonder how it'll go"?!
I'm super looking forward to this.
I don't care about you.
Anyway, you should be on patrol.
"Pro Hero - Present Mic - Quirk: Voice"
I'm only gonna watch a little! Just a little!
There are some students who
have been discontent and grumbling,
blaming Class A for U.A.'s current situation.
They're not here to have a good time,
they're here to evaluate Class A critically,
so they don't see this as entertainment...
A band and dance performance?
Even if you do a decent job,
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
in the end, you're just
satisfying yourself, aren't you?
Kyoka...
...you can do what you want.
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Let's go, damn it!
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Let's make the opening showy!
All of U.A....
We'll kill 'em with our sound!
Thanks for coming today!
Lasers!
Human fireworks?
He was barely in it!
He went away.
But keep watching.
I'm sure he'll come out again.
Here it comes!
Dad, Mom,
I want to be a hero.
I'm not going to become a musician...
I'm sorry.
Is that something to cry about? C'mon.
But--
I couldn't decide...
Fighting for other people seemed so cool...!
I always admired it...
But I didn't want the music
you taught me to go to waste,
and I love music, too, so...
I couldn't tell you...
Kyoka...
...you can do what you want.
Your mom and I became musicians
because that's what we love.
At first, it always starts out
as something as trivial as thinking,
"It's so cool!" or "I did it!"
Think about what you'll
be able to do for a long time.
What can you do for others
with your own sound?
In that sense, being a musician
and being a hero are the same, huh?
Here we go!
Can you see this, Midoriya, Sir?
She smiled...! She smiled!
"Kyoka Jiro"
"Quirk: Earphone Jack"
"She can insert the plugs on her earlobes into her opponent and channel loud sounds into them."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 8/1"
"Height: 154 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Rock Music"
"Izuku Midoriya"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 7/15"
"Height: 166 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowl"
My name is Romeo!
Ghost of Azkaban, Count Paris!
Return Juliet to me!
Romeo...
You heard about your father
from Gandalf, right?
That he was the king of Gondor.
That was a lie.
I am your father!
You're lying!
They stuffed too much in!
It was amazing in a lot of ways.
I couldn't help laughing.
It's fine to be running late,
but please answer your phone.
I was in such a hurry...
I left without my cellphone...
"All Might"
You'll be surprised
when you check your missed calls.
I have a rough idea of
what happened from Ecto's report.
Don't think what you did was "correct."
You weren't really injured, and in the end,
the school festival is continuing.
But that's just the result!
You're a hero with a
provisional license and a U.A. student.
If you were going to fight,
you should've relied on us!
We have things we need to protect, too!
Yes, sir.
Why do you look so gloomy?
Get out of here!
If it's going to continue,
then make sure you enjoy it!
Yes, sir!
Hound Dog, thanks--
All Mi... grr...!
You only forget human speech
when you are truly angry.
Hey, good work!
You know what?
At first there was
a loud noise and it was scary,
but then everyone was hopping with the dance
and then there was a
flash and Deku, you went away,
but then it got cold and
then there was a spinning light
and a girl's voice said "wow"
and I said "wow" too...
I'm glad you had a good time.
You shouldn't be!
Are you slacking off now after being late?
Carry this!
Oh, sorry! I'll take it!
Take mine, too.
Class A!
We had a lot of fun!
Oh, great! Thanks!
Yeah... It was fun...
Good job.
Sorry!
We watched it to criticize it!
I'm really sorry!
They didn't have to come to say that...
We won.
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
I wonder if they're some of the people
Mr. Aizawa was talking about who were stressed.
If they were, then Iida,
our feelings reached them!
Yeah!
But no matter what their reason,
it was because they watched us!
I'm sure there are those who didn't watch.
Let's not let this end today
and let our feelings--
It's fine, isn't it?
We heard about what you guys
wanted to do when you planned this.
We got it.
Now, we'll tell the others.
I mean, it really was fun!
Those of us who watched it
will pass on your feelings.
That'll be great!
Thank you for your kindness!
I don't like it.
Find the guys who didn't
watch and bring them here!
It's fine, stop that. Stop it, jeez.
Hurry up and finish cleaning up all the ice!
Oh, sorry! Mineta, you've
been on edge this whole time.
If we don't hurry,
then we won't be able to get
good seats for the beauty pageant!
Kendo!
Kendo, who can blast you away in one hit!
"Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist"
She tears her gorgeous dress
for this martial arts demonstration!
The perfect coexistence
of strength and beauty!
What a wonderful performance!
How dull! You don't know anything, do you?
To try and compete with me with that!
Support course third year
and beauty pageant queen!
She uses advanced techniques
to show off her face!
A stunning performance!
What kind of performance is this?
It just got harder to tell, right?
Dazzling splendor is the goal of beauty!
Oh, third year... not bad...
I heard everyone liked your play. Good job!
You too!
Next, we have third year, Nejire Hado!
"Nejire Hado - Quirk: Surge"
"Tamaki Amajiki - Quirk: Manifest"
Nejire!
Hado... People are just animals...
Just think of them as mammals,
and you'll feel more relaxed...
Nejire lost last year because
she tried to be flashier than Kenranzaki.
Kenranzaki's strength is being flashy.
Nejire has her own strength!
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
It's Uraraka! And Tsu!
Togata and Eri!
Everyone looks so surprised.
It's so strange...
Looking at her like this...
Hado really looks... like an innocent fairy.
So pretty...
What a magical dance in the air!
She pulled me in!
Vote for one of these contestants!
Results will be announced at 5 p.m.!
It's the closing event!
Kendo from Class B!
Vote more than once for Kendo from Class B!
She'll be disqualified!
Woo-hoo! Tonight's gonna be great!
Class C's haunted maze looks crazy!
Wanna go?
Yeah!
I'm not going to that.
There's an obstacle course!
Crepes!
We've still got a lot to enjoy!
Yeah!
"Beauty Pageant Results"
Thanks for today! It was fun!
Yeah.
Eri.
Surprise!
A candy apple!
They were selling them?
I couldn't find any!
Looking at the program,
I thought maybe there wouldn't be any,
so I bought ingredients for it
when I went out this morning.
It was easier to make than I expected.
The only thing I couldn't find at the
convenience store was food coloring,
so I borrowed some from Sato.
Well, you should be able
to see her again soon.
It's even sweeter!
I'll make it again.
Look forward to it!
I will!
You taught yourself how to do this?
Yes.
I can't believe it! What's your job?
La Brava...
Do you feel like using this talent
for the good of the world?
No.
I only want to help Gentle.
You can test for brainwashing really easily.
Don't tell stupid lies.
She really does love you.
You had a lot of failed attempts,
but with all the crimes you committed,
both you and the girl--
Aiba has never been involved directly.
We are not equally guilty.
So your love is mutual, huh?
Oh, dear.
High school dropout, former
hero course student,
twisted until you became a person
who uploaded videos of crimes, huh?
I couldn't help but remember my dream.
Even if I took the wrong path...
Then, it's good that we stopped you today.
Guys who say you there
are no do-overs in life
are either those who don't want to,
or those who're impatient
and want results fast.
Want some tea?
Black tea please...
It's just cheap tea!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The Japanese Hero Billboard Chart!
It's a ranking of active heroes
based on cases resolved,
service to society,
percentage of citizen support,
and other factors.
Now that All Might has retired,
the rankings are fluctuating a lot.
The one chosen to be the new number one is...
Next time, "Japanese Hero Billboard Chart."
The Wing Hero: Hawks makes
his first appearance!
"Next time: Japanese Hero Billboard Chart"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!